the vegetables in beeping buffered
chosen for their contrasting color
flavor and texture white radish carrot
and zucchini are finely sliced then
quickly stir-fried in sesame oil spinach
and yellow bean sprouts are blanched
then mixed with salt crush garlic and
sesame oil rehydrated shiitake mushrooms
are sliced and mixed with sesame oil soy
sauce garlic and pepper weird
I need this some soy sauce this one is a
scotch flat
I need a pepper sesame oil and garlic
pinch avocado and mixed up and reduce
sugar little bit sugar under I just
little K when is golden brown color it's
great is okay that's pretty quickly
put in the some sesame on the bottom
yep then put in the rice the spinach
ready she and mushroom and a carrot and
you can get and yellow bean sprout is
very healthy Jota
it's very pretty trick then chili paste
chili paste is the more tasty with the
peeping back we need egg yolk on the top
okay so this is sesame seed that's
pretty quick once you've done your
veggies looks nice - it sure does nice -
that's really so the ball has to heat up
and then it keeps cooking the rice
doesn't roll yeah it's already
that's the ready noise noise you're
coming Internet
yeah this one is dry save it so overfall
okay it's everything finishing after all
you can mix the everything mixed
together oh it's got a nice crunchy
layer on the bottom
so we're doing a B beam being back yeah
never try I sure will mm-hmm very nice
that is sensational I love this dish
thank you
thank you very much